Christopher Warner
christopher.warner@nyu.edu
Institute for the Study of the Ancient World

Why not use FacultyCV or FacultyStaffDirectory?
-----------------------------------------------
The idea was initially to use FacultyStaffDirectory, as the name was right on the money and actual function was needed at the time. Unfortunately, Plone 4 was in beta and some of the products that FacultyStaffDirectory uses (specifically Membrane, Relations and TinyMce) were not working with it properly. In the interim I was in deployment of a new website and needed the functionality. I had a conversation with Cristopher Ewing at the time on making some changes to FacultyStaffDirectory but as it goes everyone is busy so I didn't hear much.

It was at this point I took a look at FacultyCV by Rafael Nunez and started pulling from that but there was a lot of custom cruft and the Product itself was essentially generated. The more code pulled out the more I realized I just needed to start from scratch. Building a product that didn't rely on an inside Plone member utility or any extension or hack on-top of the Plone default structure.

This led to isaw.facultycv in it's current form. Currently it is a very basic and simple product. Concentrating completely on Faculty right now I'll most likely add a Staff, Scholar and Team type to accompany the current Faculty option.

On creation of a CV it automatically generates a profile that is completely separate from the User member profile. As this is a Work-In-Progress we will see how it evolves. It's highly unlikely that anything will make use of Membrane or Relation and I will use as much of Plone default tools. So for instance where there are correlations between the default @@personal-information profile and the member profile I will provide options to update there as an option. Or one will have the option to keep them completely separate. This provides several possibitlies but the major one is that should you decide in the future to remove FacultyCV for whatever reason nothing is affected. If you plan to upgrade; again, nothing is affected. If there are problems they will be with the default Plone core tools. So the overall goal is to let the Administrator decide how the CV's are organized themselves. 

Should anyone have any questions about the design or would like to see something as we are in the early days. Please feel free to contact me via the email above. In the event that it isn't working for some reason it would mean I'm most likely no longer at NYU in which case you can find me on irc at freenode.net; cwarner. I will do my best to keep this document updated but we all know how that goes.

07/20/2010

